feat(HACBS-1863): document tests provided by the build pipeline (#330)
redhat-appstudio/build-definitions: task/clamav-scan/0.1/README.md

# clamav-scan task

## Description:

> Clam-Antivirus will extract compiled code to compare it against the latest virus database.

Reviewer: We could also mention here that the ClamAV utility is used and link to its documentation page (https://docs.clamav.net/).

Author: I linked to the documentation in my the most recent patch. I did try to keep the descriptions as succinct as I could, within a line or two. We could definitely create more beefier pages with more details of the underlying tooling behind the tasks, especially the more intense ones like clam-av, but I didn't want to attempt to recreate the docs already available. My thinking was to just provide some context at a glance.

Reviewer: Thanks!

# clamav-scan task

## Description:

> The clamav-scan task will scan files for viruses and other malware using the ClamAV antivirus scanner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The clamav-scan task scans files for viruses and other malware using the ClamAV antivirus scanner.
```

ClamAV is an open-source antivirus engine that can be used to check for viruses, malware, and other malicious content.
The task will extract compiled code to compare it against the latest virus database to identify any potential threats.

## Params:

| name         | description                                 |
|--------------|---------------------------------------------|
| image-digest | Image digest to scan.                       |

> | image-url    | Url to image.                               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| image-url    | Image URL.                               |
```

> | docker-auth  | Secret with config.json for container auth. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| docker-auth  | Folder where container authorization in config.json is stored. |
```

## Params:

| name               | description        |
|--------------------|--------------------|

> | HACBS_TEST_OUTPUT  | Test output.       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| HACBS_TEST_OUTPUT  | Tekton task test output.       |
```
